<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_sapporo">
  <title>Sapporo</title>
  <shortdesc/>
  <body>
    <p>Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan and the capital of Hokkaido prefecture. It is known for its beautiful parks, delicious food, and winter sports.</p>
    <p>The city is home to several popular tourist attractions, including the Sapporo Clock Tower, the Sapporo TV Tower, and the Odori Park. The Sapporo Snow Festival, held annually in February, is also a major draw for visitors from around the world.</p>
    <p>Sapporo is also famous for its beer, which is brewed in the city and enjoyed throughout Japan. The Sapporo Beer Museum is a popular destination for beer enthusiasts.</p>
    <p> In addition to its attractions, Sapporo is also a hub for transportation in Hokkaido. It has
      a major airport with international flights, as well as a well-connected train station that
      allows for easy travel to other parts of the island. The city also has a reliable public
      transportation system, including buses and a subway system. Sapporo is also a popular
      destination for skiing and snowboarding, with several ski resorts located just outside the
      city. In the summer, visitors can enjoy hiking and other outdoor activities in the nearby
      mountains.</p>
    <p>With its vibrant culture, stunning natural scenery, and friendly people, Sapporo is a must-visit destination for anyone traveling to Japan.</p>
  </body>
</topic>